Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Samantha Scott: I'm so sorry. I was trying to sign in. And then I will. I tried to facebook sign and that didn't work so i reset my password. And then I got then I was in right but then I was different. I didn't know where to a meeting. And finally, I figured it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're here and actually I owe you an apology. You are my last client of the day.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: This may end up happening to us too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes feelings. Don't just turn off right when the hour hits the top of the hour.
Samantha Scott: Right. Oh yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what ends up happening is it just sort of keep snowballing forward. I don't want to borrow from Peter to pay Paul kind of thing.
Right.
Samantha Scott: I just didn't want you to think that I was not here, you know, that's why I texted you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me tell you what's actually happening on my show you this cool thing. Let me see screenshot, you'll be able to see what I see. So let me see if it'll work.
Samantha Scott: It should have my name on it. And that was something that she said I needed to fix. So hopefully, it does have that now.
Samantha Scott: This will end up working on me just
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can you see your own video or no.
Samantha Scott: Yes, I know I can see a screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too bad. Okay, I'm gonna do it another way.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got this cool thing called us you know that screen we take a snapshot of something
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, that's going to show you show you what I see, so that you can feel confident of what I see. I got a funny little picture here for me.
Samantha Scott: Oh, I mean, I could see my video on the bottom of the screen. Is that what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hang on just two seconds we'll get there for me. I know there's a delay. It's weird, cuz it looks like I'm doing nothing. And I think it's just it's a word.
Samantha Scott: Notice a couple times. Like if I talk too fast or something. I feel like I'm going beyond the zoom you know
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, here we go about ready to do a screen share. And there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want you to see what I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at
Gwenevere Abriel: Look over on the right you see your name over here under
Samantha Scott: Man. Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just so you know, I saw you earlier.
Samantha Scott: And I'm pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfortunately, I can't chat with you. I used to
Samantha Scott: Know, but that's good to know. Because then I know that I'm not just sitting there and you don't know that I'm there. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally. So I'm going to change. Eventually off your out the new Upgrade. No one seems to know why chat disappeared. Oh no, here I got it. Now I it's here on this one. I'll just say hi to you and Hi. So you just got a chat.
Tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm really glad you're here.
Samantha Scott: I'm glad to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and my understanding from Dr. Gabriel is that this, this is something you've kind of been kind of back burner in it for a while and you're ready to get to it.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no, I am. I mean, always my excuse was either. I wasn't making a wall like my last job I we had to pay for insurance per month. So it was like $700 a month.
Samantha Scott: So by the time we paid for that, like on we're journalists, you know, so it's like
Samantha Scott: Not a lot of money. And by the time we paid our insurance. We didn't really have time or money to go pay copays, you know,
Samantha Scott: So, so this is Enya. And it's just I don't know like in the past year.
Samantha Scott: I've realized a lot of things will last a year ago I cut off contact with my mom because I finally realized that like
Samantha Scott: All this time. My dad was super abusive and he's really like, you know, he just fits in the black hat. So I put it on him. But, um,
Samantha Scott: I realized, she's like super manipulative and then I started like doing all these like reading all this stuff about like narcissism and stuff. And like
Samantha Scott: I realized like, that's totally what she is. And so I said if you can't treat me with respect and if you can see me as something else beyond like an extension of you.
Samantha Scott: And this way I reflect you then.
Samantha Scott: Then call me, but she hasn't, you know, and I blocked her on social media because she was just sending ugly messages and messaging, my friends, I even had to post something like you know if my mom messages you about me. Please do not tell her anything, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you just gave me a little snapshot. So today, Samantha. This is going to be a little bit different today. We won't be able to get into all of that, but something
Else.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't do you can't do your part wrong. It's all me.
Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show you what we have to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you have an idea of how much work we have ahead of us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, my job to as as nicely as I can keep us in here. We're going to need to cover lots of see all these drop downs. So many things we're going to need to
Samantha Scott: I got it. I can stay on task with you totally
Gwenevere Abriel: psyched. So now here's I have a little thing that I do, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: The very first thing I do is I want to introduce myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you have some clue of who you're working with.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am Gwen Gwen of your hey you my counselor that blonde lady I i'm not hung up on titles labels. You can call me whatever you want the one that you know whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, not Dr. Phil, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist. I've been licensed here in Florida for over 20 years, love, love, love my job. I was definitely meant to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but I've been very drawn of this will be brief because this is going to be an assessment from you but I'm getting a snapshot
Gwenevere Abriel: On the reason that I'm working with substance use. It started with working with populations and finding out very quickly right next door was addictive behavior, whether it was a process, a person alcohol, sex, drugs, alcohol, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just seemed like it was everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to understand it more. And I've never left whether I was an EA T or I was working in felony drug court or residential or I've dabbled in lots of different locations, but always sort of saying nice and close to the substance use. It's so pervasive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Oh, I continue to be intrigued by it love working with the population, but really what ends up happening is, even though we're labeling and I'm working at substance use, what's happening is I'm actually treating trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Samantha Scott: Generally, I have a lot of trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comfy zone. So, you're in good company all my clients, same thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we're presenting here with this symptom withdrawal and de de de but what I'm treating is the developmental complex trauma. Some of it is shock trauma. So, so that's what I'm actually treating
Samantha Scott: Oh yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple more things I use my phone. I use my phone for scheduling. Something else I use it for which is I let my clients know and I'm letting you know if you are feeling isolated or that you're about to go into a sort of a suffer moment. I don't want you to feel like you're alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can send me a message like
Gwenevere Abriel: This day just sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you can send me one of those. But what will come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't be like this, how you and I are talking and it's warm and fuzzy
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Hopefully it's warm and fuzzy what ends up coming back. I've learned over the years, is it can feel a little cold to my client, and I'm warning you now.
Samantha Scott: It's actually advice. Right.
Samantha Scott: There. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will not be giving advice.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha. I won't be validating, I won't be any of those things. What I'll end up saying is, this is for scheduling. So I'll say something like, ooh. Ooh, that sounds difficult. When can you meet in zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in here now. Yeah. And so, um,
Samantha Scott: I like to say that make sense. I mean work life balance. You got to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right translation through a text, it will fail. It has failed for years and now I know
Samantha Scott: Right, all the inflection everything. Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to dive and what we're going to start with is you're going to notice a pattern and some of my questioning, you're going to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what was the age of first useful. What was the progression will will, when was your last use when I'm not going to be hearing today. And this might be the part that you want to share. It'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: Our next session is why right
Why
Samantha Scott: I got you were building a timeline kind of sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to hear me interrupt a little bit here and there, and I won't mean to be offensive. I won't get through it. It's a two hours that we have to jam in
Samantha Scott: To for you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. I'm gonna I'm gonna learn about the progression of your opiate use. So I'd like to know the age that you first experimented with any short acting opiate of any kind.
Samantha Scott: I was actually talked to Dr. Dre Brill I'm the first stage was 17 I was prescribed it by a doctor after I had a
Samantha Scott: Leap of laser excision procedure on my cervix wouldn't stop bleeding, blah, blah, went back, they put silver stuff on it to stop it silver nitrate or something and then gave me a prescription for pain medicine.
Samantha Scott: I never taken it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how long have you been a long so 17 habit. How long were you on that prescribed medication. And what was it,
Samantha Scott: It was, I think, just bike it in probably like five milligram bike it in and it was a couple of refills back in those days, you know, you got like one and then you'd call back and they give you one more refill usually so it wasn't definitely a habit. But that was the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have the age I have sort of onset experience of it or a couple refills. And then, so this is I'm giving you an example and then hey, I didn't use for three years or
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you know what I ended up doing. I ended up going and stealing from my friends cabinets and you know when it got to the point that I was inhaling it and I was using 60 milligrams a day. So I want to hear the progression from 17 to today, not in every detail I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think right
Samantha Scott: Now snapshot gotcha, gotcha.
Samantha Scott: Okay, so, um, I'd say from 17 to a even 20 even whenever I first moved here even to like 23 or 24 when I first moved here to New Mexico. It was more of a flirtation I maybe take some, but it was never an everyday habit.
Samantha Scott: And then I moved here. I met this person who I felt like it was my best friend and she had a disease called a reflex sympathetic dystrophy at the time. And she had a ton of prescribed oxy code on
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello, hello to you at this time to you.
Samantha Scott: 2425 ish
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so friend had available medication age 25. Tell me about what you how much you were doing at that time.
Samantha Scott: I could take a 120 milligram and super high rush like that was probably that was the good time couldn't have the legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, your age 25 and you're doing, how much a day.
Samantha Scott: When he know I mean I can take a 20 milligram oxy codeine and get high from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you, adjusting it taking it orally, where you crushing it. How'd you adjusted
Samantha Scott: I was at that time I had taken it orally and then I crushed it in my mouth coding and that was the first time I experienced that you for you.
Samantha Scott: Know,
Samantha Scott: crushing up with 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what was the progression from there.
Samantha Scott: From there, she needed money, um, to do stuff she had this prescription. So I would give her money. I felt like it was a good deals, she was giving me drugs and
Samantha Scott: I've sorted by more and more from her at that time I was in college, and my pretty much, I had a job, but like my student loan money was what I was using, for the most part, it would be dispersed and I would give her a bunch of money.
Samantha Scott: Um, I'd say a progress pretty rapidly because I mean within like within a month. I was doing double, triple the you know that amount, and it seemed to progress really fast, the tolerance seemed to build up super fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're 42 now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there you are there. And what was the progression from there. Just kind of checking in on at its worst, or maybe you tried fentanyl maybe went to heroin just sort of let me in on that a little
Samantha Scott: At the worst, the worst thing that I was doing is my husband was getting a pain prescription for a legitimate condition which he doesn't get any more.
Samantha Scott: And he's which to medical marijuana for his pain and his lupus is in remission. Thankfully, but, um, I was crushing it up even with the fuckin Tylenol in it and snorting that because it was the only way that I was getting anywhere close to where
Gwenevere Abriel: Our recent is that behavior. You just described.
Samantha Scott: That was about two years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much were you ingesting a day two years ago.
Samantha Scott: I mean, up to 120 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you tell Dr are real.
Samantha Scott: I believe so.
Samantha Scott: I mean, this will I didn't tell her about that because that's not my most recent use that was so good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. Now I got you. Okay, two years ago.
Samantha Scott: And then I've slowed down a lot from that even obviously over the past two years.
Samantha Scott: Over the past two years. I haven't done more than
Samantha Scott: Probably 6070 milligrams a dose. But sometimes when I could, I would dose multiple times a day.
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight hours apart.
Samantha Scott: Or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So 140 a day at the most.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Who doses. If I did two doses. Yeah, eight hours apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So before those two years ago was 120
Samantha Scott: Well, it wasn't even so much the amount of drug that was doing but the fact that I was snorting Tylenol.
Samantha Scott: With it you know it was the mixture. It wasn't a pure opiate like and I've always tried to stick to a if I was snorting something only snorting oxycodone, you know, a pure oxycodone pill.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, would you say it is that time right there. What you just that hundred and 20 milligrams period of time. That was your worst time period of your opiate
Samantha Scott: I say so. Yeah, because I would just, I kept saying, Oh, I'm going to try to manage it and not come back.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Yeah, no, I would say that was probably the worst.
Samantha Scott: Okay. Besides, maybe a few days here and there, when Lisa. Where are when I first started being friends and we kind of party together.
Samantha Scott: But not a my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're doing great. This is a really hard assessment. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. Um, so I have it. Now, hold on.
Samantha Scott: Your little feet. It's my dogs, not any humans.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last use, is it safe to assume you've not experimented with heroin looking for a yes or no.
Samantha Scott: experimentation. No, I have not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, great. So client is also being transcribed plant denies lifetime use of heroin your last use of a short acting opiate was it like five days ago, when was it and how much was it
Samantha Scott: It was the it was the day of the first day I met with Dr. Gabriel, I had used, and then I waited, you know, for the appropriate
Gwenevere Abriel: Much just want to know how much
Samantha Scott: Oh 70
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. And we're thinking that was oxy codeine
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It beautiful and you were getting this at this point. Most recently, off the street.
Samantha Scott: buying it. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and any accidental or intentional use the fentanyl
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies lifetime use of fentanyl and he accidentally if you don't know a word I already have my answer any accidental or intentional use of cradle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in your opiate use history. And were there any accidental or intentional overdoses.
Samantha Scott: You know I'm once I mixed up. And this was fairly early on I mixed alcohol in pills of
Samantha Scott: Vicodin, so my muscle relaxer and tequila and that's where the closest I ever came or you
Samantha Scott: Know I woke up in the morning I I felt fine at first, then I tried to sit up I crawl to the bathroom and to the shower and I just like vomited for like until there was nothing left and then vial and stuff and
Gwenevere Abriel: So I woke up on my own.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No hospitalization quite a nice hospitalization.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: My little list. So there's gonna be a little quiet for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, can be kind of uncomfortable in this setting, but
Samantha Scott: I'm looking for right
Samantha Scott: And I feel very comfortable with you after
Samantha Scott: Great job, but never done tell a therapy.
Samantha Scott: It's been a while since I even did therapy so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, we'll have a good time. But today is today's hard. There's no doubt.
Samantha Scott: Will power through
Gwenevere Abriel: We will I've done it before, and I will overcome my this bad first impression. I will make a better one. I promise.
Samantha Scott: You're making a great first impression. So you can make an even greater one
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking for word, word word word Word document. Okay. Word file open recent open, open, open
Gwenevere Abriel: APS. There we go. Okay, now I got it. I haven't really good memory. But this helps. It'll move it along quite quite quickly. This way copy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna jump to the ones that maybe a solid know just they're out of order, but I'm suspecting they might be knows, have you experimented with either prescription or recreational use of any crack cocaine or powder cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, okay, denies like 10 years of any cocaine powder and crack any experimental or
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescribed use of methylphenidate that is by them Ritalin or Adderall denies lifetime benefit methylphenidate ADHD medication any recreational or
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see you being prescribed it but maybe you could have have a bar barbiturate
Samantha Scott: Recreational once I took some that somebody else had
Gwenevere Abriel: All real
Samantha Scott: That was like 2425 maybe
Samantha Scott: It wasn't dumbing medication.
Samantha Scott: It was like a they I guess they still prescribe it for stomach problems. And so I don't even think it was the right dose, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok client endorses one time you say 24 to address a stomach issue one time use any use of any whippets or huffing behavior or you have or
Gwenevere Abriel: What I was a teenager.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what age.
Samantha Scott: I would say 1516
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How often are you doing it.
Samantha Scott: I mean, not like whenever my friends got it like it wasn't really yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a month, once a year. I don't know your friends so
Samantha Scott: On once a month, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a month. Got it. And for how many years did you do that.
Samantha Scott: Maybe a year. It was the last
Gwenevere Abriel: Time you did it. Did you do it. When was the last time was it when you were maybe 16
Samantha Scott: It would have been, I'd say no later than 19
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, last time use age 19 and any let's back up and let me come up. I'm going to put tonight's here tonight. And then let's go to Asia first use that same question pattern is your first use progression last use as your first use of tobacco products.
Samantha Scott: Any 14 for cigarettes smoked.
Samantha Scott: And regression
Samantha Scott: By the time I was 17 I was smoking close to a pack a day because I wasn't living at home anymore.
Samantha Scott: And throughout my life I've tried to quit a few times successful for a few months at a time. The longest was when I was pregnant in high school.
Samantha Scott: And I quit for the remainder of my pregnancy and still smoking less than
Gwenevere Abriel: You smoke less than a pack a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Currently, smoking, less than a pack a day.
Samantha Scott: I still want to quit, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your first use of alcohol.
Samantha Scott: I'm probably a little bit later than that 15 and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you progress from there be really member. I don't know. Hey, once in a while. I won't know what that means. I blacked out every weekend I that's what I
Samantha Scott: Got you. Um, I would say my alcohol use progressed from age 16 of just a little bit of drinking too, by the time I was 19 or 20 I was drinking a lot. I
Samantha Scott: Regularly while I drank, and the last time I drank anything at all was before I moved to Albuquerque. Um, so over 10 years ago. But during that time period. I would say I blackout drank maybe once a month I binge drink a regularly. I mean, that was my regular thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go, three nights a week I've been strike three nights a week how much
Gwenevere Abriel: Friendly alcohol. Are you okay, three to four for nice
Samantha Scott: Oh yeah a lot. I mean, at the, at the height of my drinking my tolerance was pretty high. I mean, I remember going to order nights and ordering at least like 1213 drinks.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of drinks place.
Samantha Scott: Vodka dirty martinis mostly
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's hard liquor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay 13. And so let's stay with us for just a little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I hear you. You've had blackout. History
Samantha Scott: I have blacked out for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, we've got once a month for how many years. Would you say you were kind of having that once a month blackout experience.
Samantha Scott: The whole time I was drinking. I mean, my drinking was never controlled after it grew to that level until I stopped drinking altogether.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're looking at age 19 to
Samantha Scott: 24 maybe
Samantha Scott: Let's say so.
Samantha Scott: Maybe 2024 is better. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age 19 to 24
Samantha Scott: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. He
Samantha Scott: Drinking in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. I'm going to talk a little bit about looking for a yes no oneness. You ever have a friend say oh my gosh girl, you need to cut back yes or no.
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Have you ever had needed to have an eye opener like oh my gosh, I need to drink this morning in order to even function, yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So denies those two. Have you ever thought I need to cut back. I'm gonna try and you weren't able to do it.
Samantha Scott: No, I mean what I decided to cut back weirdly, I was able to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client is negative on the cage questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's switch back over here. Your last drink was about two years 10 years ago. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Correct. Excellent. Let's go over to Asia first use of THC in its many forms, please age of first juice.
Samantha Scott: I think 16 was the first time I smoked anything like a little butt off a Coke can right and
Gwenevere Abriel: Any used every weekend after that. What was the progression.
Samantha Scott: I would say that's fairly accurate. And when I turned 17 I moved out of the house and moved in with my boyfriend who was a pot dealer. So after that, I would say it was like daily you know twice daily at least probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Two joints or two balls, a day.
Samantha Scott: I'd say, I mean, at that time, I might have been like two blunts a day, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much were you ingesting of THC.
Samantha Scott: I mean, in the old I was ingesting a lot more in the old days, then I would now because I do smoke still smoke. Now, but, um, the, the quality was totally different. So even though it was
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last use. Was it this morning and how much
Samantha Scott: The last time I used was yesterday I smoked a couple bowls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And have you ever used intentionally or accidentally spice.
Samantha Scott: No.
Samantha Scott: Not that I know a
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies lifetime use any experimental use of crystal of math accidental or intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did I can use that method.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man crystal meth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, age of what about this one. What about age, your first use of a hallucinogen like mushroom.
Samantha Scott: Oh, I'm probably maybe a little bit later than the pot. So maybe 17 I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I tend to like them.
Samantha Scott: A lot. I mean, when I was in high school to my early 20s, I probably did mushrooms.
Samantha Scott: Are nice man I probably did mushrooms like 50 times I did acid, maybe comparable 50 times have never done like pod or any of the other hallucinogens
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Or x to see
Gwenevere Abriel: That one too. And I appreciate when people. Remind me to add that tonight.
Samantha Scott: Supposedly, it's back. I don't know. I mean, that's what I hear. I haven't done anything but I hear people talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got dude, what was the last time you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any hallucinogen last time.
Samantha Scott: I would say it's been a bow. It was definitely before I moved to Albuquerque, and it was even a little bit before that, I would say it's been about 14 years at least.
Samantha Scott: Maybe 15
Samantha Scott: I had a bad trip. And after a couple bad trips I stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: At first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: A benzodiazepine that says Xanax
Samantha Scott: Of the
Samantha Scott: Gosh, I'm trying to remember it would have been later. I don't think I tried that may be until my early 20s.
Samantha Scott: And I was prescribed it a prescribed Valium for like 10 years by my doctor for just basically oh post traumatic stress disorder will keep you at this low level and then they realized how harmful. They were with the dementia and then I go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here we have 10 years. I want to know is that at one milligram a day at night or what
Samantha Scott: A 10. No, it was when I was prescribed it was five milligrams a day. But I would sometimes go over that, you know, I would take like instead of taking my take like one and a half of those. And the next day you know i'd take an extra the other half from something else and
Samantha Scott: The worst one was, I was prescribed Xanax after my best friend committed suicide here on and I was only on it for maybe six months, but she told me to wean myself down. I didn't. And I thought I could just stop cold turkey and it was the worst, worst thing my back was just spasming and
Samantha Scott: That was Xanax and I think that was a small dose. I'm trying to remember. I think it was like point five.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me when your last use of a benzodiazepine of its many names. When was your last
Samantha Scott: It's been since the last prescribed it to me. Um, so at least five or six years.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. And have you ever had a seizure associated with coming off of the bentos
Samantha Scott: I'm pretty sure that that Xanax black thing. Yeah, that was
Gwenevere Abriel: To see your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Secondary to benzo papering or stopping
Samantha Scott: Definitely more painful than any other withdrawal with phones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about treatment history. Let's see, we have various levels of care. Let me start with just. Yes. No. Have you ever had treatment for substance use, aside from what you're getting right now. Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, here we go. Then let's dive into that age of first use of substance use treatment. How old are you,
Samantha Scott: Okay, this would have been around. Okay, so this was after Lisa and I'm sorry it's really already at the year. Just give me a second, it would have been she died in 2006 um so it would have been 2007 to 2008
Samantha Scott: I did the Methadone program and actually it might have been more like 2009 closer to one and a half to two years I did the Methadone program. I think the highest dose that I got to was
Samantha Scott: 80 or something and then I did the entire taper thing and came off and then was briefly clean
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many months.
Samantha Scott: Um, maybe seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: And it started slow and
Samantha Scott: Then, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're so this isn't it. This is an MIT program that's what this will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah ever been in. I'm going to start with higher levels of care. So I want to know if you've ever been hospitalized or spent 30 days in a residential program. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're denying so please transcribe client tonight's lifetime of hospitalization, as well as residential level of care. Have you ever been in an intensive outpatient program where you spend three to four hours a day, three times a week.
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client and as intensive outpatient care. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking to a therapist, maybe once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a few months or years where you talked about the underlying history. What about that.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, yeah. There were a couple of times. Once I had the insurance and I was able to see a therapist who did em, Dr. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It turns out it's a good thing. We'll, we'll talk more. What year was that he gave me the year
Samantha Scott: Ah, gosh, that would have been
Samantha Scott: Um, let's say, to trying to think, okay, says after I met 30 bubble for this would have probably been about 2005 2007 maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days a week just approximate
Samantha Scott: Oh, just one appointment, a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a week. Got it. And we also at that time also receiving psychiatric medication management at that time.
Samantha Scott: I did see a psychiatrist.
Samantha Scott: For a while I had to self pay and he ended up not seeing him abruptly. He was prescribing me quantify.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many months or years were you prescribed and took Klonopin
Samantha Scott: That was. I mean, it wasn't very long. I saw him once, twice, and then he wanted to. He said I had to pay him again. And I couldn't afford it. So it was like six months maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Six months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, this provider of the outpatient care 2005 2007 was this treating substance use, or when I pick this conversation up again. Should I kind of move it down into depression, anxiety, PTSD and it was really more about the mental health. Peace.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, before the MA TT therapy. I had never been honest with any healthcare provider about my addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so this outpatient care 2005 to 2007
Samantha Scott: The first time I saw it outside, outside help.
Samantha Scott: Okay, for a day addiction, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get this straight. Basically that care and now these are these are you're addressing sort of the behavioral health part
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I mean I feel like a lot of the I definitely just feel like everything from like I had don't have the coping skills. And that's one of the reasons why I
Samantha Scott: You know, and I feel like my trauma, especially the stuff some stuff I probably can't even remember is very informative of like how I
Samantha Scott: How I continue to navigate life and it's really not a effective or good
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. We're going to go now into psychiatric history. Again, we're just looking for. See if you can just let let the structure of these
Gwenevere Abriel: Pre populated questions, see if they can help help guide us. I've been going off the cuff doing my own thing that for a second. I like to know people substance use history, probably more than anyone does. I really like to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it needs an accreditation requirement, but it's also very much for me. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, we're going to keep these answers. Nice and tight. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been diagnosed with
Gwenevere Abriel: A psychiatric illness such as depression, anxiety, bipolar movement disorder learning disorder impulse disorder obsessive compulsive disorder psychiatric anything diagnosed
Samantha Scott: Yes, I have been diagnosed, I have various times with generalized anxiety disorder complex post traumatic stress disorder and borderline personality disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: When were you diagnosed the borderline
Samantha Scott: When I was young when I was a teen a teenage girl so
Gwenevere Abriel: Before 18. Yeah, no, you can't do that. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Well I, I honestly have. I mean, it seems like the treatment protocol, like the DB T stuff is seems really cool.
Samantha Scott: I don't know. It just seems like most of the people I know who have been diagnosed borderline or teenage girls so it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I get it, I, that's why I asked one to know what it was. I know Scott you. Alright, so we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Complex PTSD.
Samantha Scott: Let's see, accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm Yup, yup, yup, yup. So, and I'm so sorry.
Samantha Scott: So then it was the PTS around just in
Samantha Scott: General generalize to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for that. Anything else
Samantha Scott: No, I mean, I don't think so. Those have been the main ones. I mean, somebody might have said, Oh, you're depressed or. But in general, those are the diagnoses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank you for that. And have you ever been hospitalized because you wanted to end your life and being hospitalized. You may be kept your client denies lifetime hospitalization for suicidal behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized for a psychiatric reason though no
Samantha Scott: My mom took me once when I was a cutter. When I was younger, and my mom took me to a residential facility. When I was like, I don't know, like 16 probably and then she but she got me right out. Like I was there for like two hours. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. Okay.
Samantha Scott: But that's the only mental health hospital thing I've done
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for that. Want to know in history on your father's side on your mother's side looking for yes no on this. Is there any history of schizophrenia on either side of the family. Yes. No.
Samantha Scott: Not that I know of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone tried to kill themselves on either side of the family lineage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's fair. What about psychiatric or psychotic, did anyone in the family stories. Anyone have any psychotic episodes in their family history father side and other side
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, please transcribe client denies family history of schizophrenia suicidal behavior and psychotic disorders, please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for them. Let's see what we, what do we got. What about okay so yeah you started to talk about something really important and I got it. This is where I slow way down and I like to hear some some specific so
Gwenevere Abriel: Age you first had and I distinguish self injurious behavior from suicidal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I shouldn't. Maybe they're the same for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's pull them apart just for now.
Samantha Scott: Yeah. No, they weren't the same for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: For sure. So age of rolling going to talk about suicidal ideation right now and I'm going to distinguish that also from intent. I don't want to be alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to distinguish it also from a plan and from action. So I'm starting with the age that you started thinking, I don't want to be alive. How old were you
Samantha Scott: I don't know. I don't know that I've ever thought that
Awesome.
Samantha Scott: I mean I've definitely wanted like whatever the pain or whatever the trouble or whatever it is to end and I've sometimes, um, you know, maybe act it out.
Samantha Scott: Just because I was so miserable. But I don't think I've ever genuinely wanted to kill myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies lifetimes to like suicidal ideation plan intent action. Let's go over to homicidal. Have you ever thought about killing someone else put together a plan and
Gwenevere Abriel: Seriously, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Ask worse. No.
Samantha Scott: No, no. I mean, do you mean, have I seriously considered killing someone no
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I know you have the same guy over in New Mexico that I have on my freeway. I want to call them to not that one.
Samantha Scott: But no, no, not an actual so homicide plans.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tonight's tonight's lifetime homicidal ideation intent of plan and action. So now let's move over to self injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: This. How old were you when you started to
Gwenevere Abriel: To cut our burn or hurt yourself over you.
Samantha Scott: I mean, it was a very brief time that I did that, probably from the age of like 14 to 16 or 17 and
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I don't know. I mean, part of me wonders. I mean, yeah, there's definitely like the release, but like part of me wonders if I was like acting out to, like, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do all that with you at another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today. All we're doing is we're looking at age 14 to 16 it was cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: And where did you primarily cut and did it ever require a suture.
Samantha Scott: On no I mean I would usually just like use a razor blade on my like the fleshy part of my by
Samantha Scott: On the
Samantha Scott: Inside and i i mean i wasn't like I said it wasn't really trying to like cause rave harm, but I just wanted to feel that release of, like, I feel something else besides all the pain I'm feeling, you know, emotional pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, thank you for that. And did it requires sutra anytime
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Samantha Scott: Any Oscar and he
Samantha Scott: Probably was the worst you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies suture and denies hospitalization band-aid would suffice. So, okay, got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got H 14 to 16
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever do anything else like burn or do anything else to sometimes some people use tattooing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, one
Samantha Scott: Thing. No, I don't have any tattoos weirdly. I mean, I'm one of the few people I know without tattoos. I mean, the thing is, like, I think that was a brief period where like
Samantha Scott: Now, I mean I've almost gone to the opposite extreme of like trying to like avoid pain entirely, you know,
Samantha Scott: Not cause it you know
I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the last time you engaged in self injurious behavior.
Samantha Scott: 16 probably I mean that that kind of self interests, you could argue that a lot of other behaviors self interest but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we want that one today but I get you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get back into the structure here. I kind of got out of it on my own road, I went broke
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I did it. Yes. Okay, so here we go here we go here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you on any psychiatric medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is different than being prescribed it. Are you currently prescribed a medication and not taking it, or are you prescribed it and taking it and if so, for how long.
Samantha Scott: I'm prescribed and taking Zoloft um and I have taken it for about 10 years
Samantha Scott: I would like to go down on it, ultimately, you know, I mean, and I feel like
Samantha Scott: The idea with the Zoloft was always of course like I want to get therapy and try to learn how to deal with this, but instead of just became zero also have, you know,
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Well that does help me. I mean, it does, especially in terms of the OCD, the or the
Samantha Scott: You know what I mean, like the the anxiety type
Samantha Scott: Disorders.
Gwenevere Abriel: It helps with the inside. Okay. Yeah. Okay, I got you. Um, see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So aside from those two hours in the residential treatment facility sometime and age 16 presidential please transcribe brief moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother had sort of admitted her and took her right back out age 16 residential for psychiatric treatment didn't stay was only there two hours so transcribe that somehow
Samantha Scott: Sorry, I know that's not the huge
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's it right there. There might have been. You tell me. Have there been other I heard about
Gwenevere Abriel: Valium. And I heard about one other psychiatric
Samantha Scott: Data next
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Besides that,
One.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one was it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, medication history, let's please transcribe we got Klonopin historically, we've got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Xanax historically and current so loft. So let's let's keep that in this section as well. Please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're going to go over to this section I did write something that I know I'm going to be hearing, and this might be tempting to want to feel the history, but you don't have to. Not today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Oh God, what you want to do is just sort of be sort of that compassionate.
Samantha Scott: Observer great facts straight facts, just the facts, ma'am.
Ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you adopted.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother, living or deceased.
Living
Gwenevere Abriel: And this, this is just yes no stuff, even if you think this is the case, you can say yes, it's just for me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, just another have an alcohol use problem. Does she have a bipolar disorder, attention deficit anxiety eating disorder to say
Samantha Scott: Is it definitely disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she use
Gwenevere Abriel: Any drugs or alcohol.
Samantha Scott: She say she's when I was on valley. Am I told her she should get on Valium. And she got on volume. So she's
She
Gwenevere Abriel: Has she ever tried to kill herself.
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have a trauma history as well. Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, thank you. And does she have any sleep issues, any sleep wake issues or sexual disorder.
Samantha Scott: I yes yes and yes, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you already told me schizophrenia psychotic, none of the history on either side, not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good. Any eating disorder with mother.
Samantha Scott: I know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no dissociative you don't know her to disassociate from her body.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Got it. Thank you. Any diagnoses of psychiatric illness that you're aware of
Samantha Scott: Not that I'm aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any physical medical illness that you're aware of
Samantha Scott: Breast cancer survivor twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that in
Gwenevere Abriel: Place. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like to
Gwenevere Abriel: I like to share the screen because these words are unusual are not used to putting relationship quality in terms like this. So I'm going to share the screen with you, but I'm also going to save them. So I want you to just notice if it's a kind of a yes no
Gwenevere Abriel: As many as many or as little words as you want the quality relationship with your mother at any time hasn't been adequate closer consistent
Samantha Scott: At it adequate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it been fulfilling functional or intimate
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loving reliable rewarding.
Samantha Scott: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Satisfying stable supportive
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How about these words abusive avoidant boring.
Samantha Scott: Abusive avoidant
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic controlling descent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes exploitive fragile inconsistent.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: neglectful parasitic punishing
Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Dale so traumatic unfaithful.
Samantha Scott: Traumatic
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhappy unhealthy unsatisfying unsupportive
Samantha Scott: Unhealthy unsupportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Not you. Nicely done. That's not an easy thing to do. You did great.
Samantha Scott: I Like Words so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's good. So we're going to do this exact same thing with father's he living
Gwenevere Abriel: Living psychiatric illness, any of the depression, bipolar attention substance use.
Samantha Scott: Nothing. Nothing has been diagnosed as far as I know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: medical illness.
Samantha Scott: Ah, I don't think he has maybe high blood pressure. I mean, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's come down here to relations. So we're going to do quality, I heard you mentioned earlier that he was abusive. So I go down here. Any of these words for quality of relationship with father was abusive avoidant born in Canada controlling any of those
Samantha Scott: Abusive avoidant controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Fragile
Gwenevere Abriel: Inconsistent
Like full
Samantha Scott: Systems know left all
Samantha Scott: Punishing from Addax
Samantha Scott: Unhappy unsupportive unsatisfying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely done. The quality of relationship between your parents. That's these two their relationship together. Remember all those words just
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick a few to describe them.
Samantha Scott: Um, unhealthy unfaithful unsatisfying avoidance.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I mean, definitely emotionally
Samantha Scott: Not so much physically but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any siblings.
Samantha Scott: One sibling a younger brother, two years younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the quality relationship. Remember those words.
Samantha Scott: Uh huh, with him.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, um,
Samantha Scott: You know, I, I'm trying to think. Let me look at those words again.
Samantha Scott: I mean it's times close fulfilling functional loving I'm satisfying
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good. Do you have any children.
Samantha Scott: I had, I had a child, but I did adoption.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold is the child.
Samantha Scott: Well, I did on birth. I went to learn abortion. I mean, to an adoption center and chose parents and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Samantha Scott: So I was 17 and it was like days after he was born.
Samantha Scott: Or I was actually 18 at the birth. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: God
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been married
Samantha Scott: I am married. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he have any alcohol use marijuana any substance use.
Samantha Scott: He's he has a medical marijuana card. He uses marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: Already wanna
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean it. Does he have any psychiatric illness that you're aware of
Samantha Scott: Not that I'm worried
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so remember those words.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say adequate close consistent fulfilling any of those any of these
Samantha Scott: Yes, I'd say, not even adequate that's, that's, I wouldn't say adequate. I mean, it's like more than adequate clothes consistent fulfilling functional loving reliable rewarding satisfying stable supportive. I mean, it's in most parts is all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of these
Let's see.
Samantha Scott: Um,
Samantha Scott: Can be chaotic and
Samantha Scott: Fragile maybe
Samantha Scott: See
Samantha Scott: No, not the rest of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Samantha Scott: Oh, one more thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, you're good. You did a great job is not an easy thing to do. You're very good at picking some words. Where were you born I
Samantha Scott: Was born
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Samantha Scott: And it was Alexandria, Louisiana.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: When your mother was pregnant with you. Do you know if it was a normal pregnancy prolonged labor. Premature delivery.
Samantha Scott: As far as I know, was normal. I was actually like I think I was like already supposed to have been born and like it was later than expected.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you hear about milestones. Were you sort of normal you walked on time. You did everything basically on time.
Samantha Scott: I say so. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok birth order I already know you're one of two
Gwenevere Abriel: Right temperament. So did a parent describe you as anxious easy Frankie or cuddly any of those
Samantha Scott: Probably anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: About extrovert fussy happy.
Samantha Scott: Probably fussy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over x overactive sad shy.
Samantha Scott: Shy
Samantha Scott: Shy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were a child. Did you have any
Gwenevere Abriel: Fears.
Samantha Scott: Or yes,
Samantha Scott: Yes. I mean, I would say.
Samantha Scott: The one that stands out is my grandma made me scared of choking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any bed soiling catastrophic event worried you're you're afraid of
Gwenevere Abriel: Something with grammar but did it results in any of these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nightmares
Gwenevere Abriel: Nature and you read this in your pieces. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it about your grandma again.
Samantha Scott: She just she wouldn't she made me she talked about. She always talked about like how you could drown in a teaspoon of water and like if you ate too much smother to death in your sleep and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But did it did it affect you in some way.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I mean I didn't want to eat my mom sort of finding it through my food away. And she was like, why are you. Why are you eating. And I was like, I'm scared. I don't want to smother to death.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to smother to death.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, any tix thumb sucking separation anxiety rocking
Samantha Scott: My hair and I still do it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe twisting hair behavior when you think about school as a pretty normal or you just liked it. What's the impression of school.
Samantha Scott: I think early on I I really liked school and it was really good. Up until I'd say closer to high school didn't really like high school
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have dyslexia, or you hyperactive. Did you have any math problems reading problem listings problems.
Samantha Scott: No.
Samantha Scott: You graduated I yeah my I got I finished my cell phone computer my last year because of getting pregnant, but I did graduate with my class.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a diploma for high school okay client didn't receive diploma.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just make sure you transcribe client denies math problems listening problems social pragmatic problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, let's talk about friends when you were coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have many friends close friends, few friends or teased by friends.
Samantha Scott: Let's say, close, close friends.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her parent behavior. So parent behavior. Did they argue frequently in front of you.
Samantha Scott: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they get violent in your presence.
Samantha Scott: I mean like violent as in throwing a, like a glass pan across the room. Yes, violent against punching each other in the face. No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you ever grounded.
Samantha Scott: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a belt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hit with a fist.
Gwenevere Abriel: No slapped
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes spanked
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. How else were you disciplined or
Samantha Scott: Disciplined my dad was the creative one kneeling on uncooked rice. You have to keep your nose on the wall. Um, let's see. I mean, mostly it was just, yeah, taking away things that I that I liked or that were helpful to me.
Samantha Scott: Either whether it was going out or books or access or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you bullied in school.
Samantha Scott: I yeah like I mean, not like physically like or I'm going to beat you up, but like I was just talking about this the other day, like the kicker boys would call me a witch and throw french fries at my head and the lunch room and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe endorsing bullied in school behavior and please transcribe quote unquote
Gwenevere Abriel: What client said and neglect Miss curious about this, we ever left alone. You may be in your sibling, you had to take care of him. He had to cook clean base and you're like, where's my parents and you are parental five kind of taking on this parent role when really
Samantha Scott: They took care of our physical and you know all the, the, quote unquote needs the food, the shelter. The laundry, the whatever, all that stuff was taken care of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and now we're slowing down. So I'm going to pull apart physical abuse. I'm going to pull apart sexual
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to pull apart so early sort of that early years of having been touched possible and appropriately will I'm going to call molestation right now. I'm talking about physical abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote down family member, assuming it's father, but have you also been abused by a friend, a partner or a stranger.
Samantha Scott: I'm
Samantha Scott: Not really. Am I guess I've been really lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sexual abuse. Are you a survivor of a rape.
Samantha Scott: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, was that as an adult by a family member, friend partner a stranger.
Samantha Scott: It was by a partner and their friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old were you
Samantha Scott: I was, um, it was only the second time. The first time was when I was 14 and then this time with those guys was I think 15 probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's back up to 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this a family member that hurt you or someone else.
Samantha Scott: At Fort. No, I went, it wasn't. I wouldn't even say it was a hurt. It was a maybe exploit was an older guy we met in the woods, but overall it wasn't an incredibly negative experience, especially compared to the second time.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll call it exploit.
Gwenevere Abriel: The older guy and you met in the woods and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so ah 15 ish 15 so this was
Samantha Scott: Smoke at a house to meet up boyfriend. He was much older I was
Samantha Scott: 15 he was 24 I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: His name was journal and he and then his friend who was around the same age basically gave me a bunch of alcohol and drugs and was like, Oh, well you did it with me. So, okay, you know, you can do with him to. It's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any report it to the police.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Samantha Scott: I snuck out of the house to get there. I mean, I wasn't even supposed to be out
Gwenevere Abriel: And you now know that that's that's an assault right
Yes.
Samantha Scott: Really yeah I know at the time. Unfortunately, I didn't
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we got birth or temperament. History
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, were you
Gwenevere Abriel: ever touched inappropriately sort of prior to that age 14. Is there any recollection of being touched inappropriately.
Samantha Scott: Not prior to that, there was one incident with my dad when I was 16 right before he ended up moving out where he got drunk he came into my room. He started touching me and it felt weird surreal like a dream and I like said stop real loud. And he got up and he left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and was that reported to the authorities.
Samantha Scott: That to the authorities, I told my mom. She didn't believe me at first. Then she did. But it was never reported to the authorities. My dad is a while he retired as a federal a pretty high ranking federal law enforcement officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe I am writing the notes, but please transcribe so hmm
Gwenevere Abriel: And he moved out right then.
Samantha Scott: YEAH, HE MOVED OUT HE WAS ALREADY CHEATING ON MY MOM with somebody else they moved out moved in with her. They ended up getting married.
Samantha Scott: And yeah, well they got divorced my mom and dad got divorced and he got remarried to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the other sexual trauma.
Samantha Scott: Not that I am, I mean, you mean like in terms of family.
Gwenevere Abriel: In terms of whatever you constitute sexual trauma.
Samantha Scott: Well, I mean, I definitely made a lot of bad decisions. A lot of other people made a lot of good decisions, but
Samantha Scott: I don't know that I would necessarily call it assault.
Oh, okay.
Samantha Scott: I mean, we could probably talk about that more and other you know what I mean, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Samantha Scott: I got one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And after high school. Have you gotten any additional education, training,
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I've gotten I'm like one math class away from getting my degree. I still but I owe them a bunch of money. So I'm trying to figure that out.
Samantha Scott: A four year degree.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm employment. Are you employed now.
Samantha Scott: It was recently laid off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you normally full time or part time
Samantha Scott: Normally full time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Business owner
Gwenevere Abriel: Accounting
Samantha Scott: copy editor for a newspaper. Oh yeah, you mentioned that
Samantha Scott: It's the funniest funniest thing for me words and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. How long have you been doing that job.
Samantha Scott: On that one two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribed recently laid off duration of that position that she described as two years. Do you currently describe your employment status is stable or unstable.
Samantha Scott: I'm on unemployment. So that's kind of stable. My goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you identify as bisexual lesbian heterosexual or other
Samantha Scott: I'd say bisexual, but not practicing
Gwenevere Abriel: My sexual single partner bisexual multiple partner.
Samantha Scott: What do you mean, did I have I have more than one partner right now.
Samantha Scott: She's oh yeah no I don't have one. I'm married.
Samantha Scott: And I have one partner right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I you sexually active.
Samantha Scott: I mean, it's been a long time since we have I don't the medications that I'm on, and just everything I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Got you. Yeah, that's all off message with it on it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Hmm. This is a can of worms that we are not opening. But, see if you can just I want to get a little snapshot in here. Okay, I'm past romantic relationships where they abusive chaotic close consistent exploitive kind of give me the just of those historical relationships.
Samantha Scott: And so, for the most part they were probably exploitive, and one sided. I definitely did a lot of to put it as simply as I can. I definitely did a lot of like going out and quote unquote acting like a man and like you know trying to have control.
Samantha Scott: But not really having control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Married, for how long.
Samantha Scott: We have been married now. Geez, gosh, it's like eight years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are living with and I want to know pets included
Samantha Scott: Yes, I live with my husband, Rudy, and I live with my let's see 1234 dogs. Now we have Frank, we have Hannah. We have Izzy, and we have bandit.
Samantha Scott: Okay, three small dogs one big
Gwenevere Abriel: Other anyone else living in the home.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No any
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime how many arrests.
Samantha Scott: Of me yeah zero
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients nice lifetime history of arrest. So it's safe to assume you have no open pretrial release cases probation or parole client denied any open cases, please transcribe hobbies, what are the things you like to do fishing, hunting painting.
Samantha Scott: Puzzle I'm really into stories. I like
Samantha Scott: Writing I like reading. I like watching movies. Those are probably my big ones spending time with the dogs to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Got it. Okay, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to say three things I want you to remember them all ask them a little bit later.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pen. These are glasses.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going to do now the formal part is over. Yay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um, but this this part still really important and it has to do with writing goals.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to come up with two, we can write as many or as little along the way but two of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can think of today. So I'm going to help a little bit just
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a prize. One of them having to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Substance use history. This is your goal, right, not mine, not. You're not. Nobody's but yours right you it's going to guide our work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want to know, sort of in your own words. I want to what
Samantha Scott: In terms of substance, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Samantha Scott: I'm in terms of substance abuse, I want to successfully. Use this medication for the time needed to get the proper skills and work together with you guys and ultimately be free of any substance, but I'm not rushing into that I want to take as much time as it needs to get this right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's move to the second piece which might pull these apart a little bit. I want to successfully use medication for the time needed to get the proper skills. So let's take those proper skills that you think about, let's move over to this other side, which has to do
Gwenevere Abriel: For Pedro health, psychological, emotional, let's go into that for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like you just say in your own terms. And again, I'm putting these in quotes. So we want to really be sort of tight.
With it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe that's all it is. Maybe you've already said it. So see if you can identify what you want either more of or less of when it comes to the behavioral health part, what's your goal.
Samantha Scott: I want more healthy coping skills and ability to interact with an imperfect world without going insane.
Samantha Scott: And I want to
Samantha Scott: I want to also like define
Samantha Scott: This sounds. I'm trying to think of a non complicated way to say it like I want to be able to differentiate the problems that I experienced growing up.
Samantha Scott: In one way I feel like I'm reliving the same interaction again and again and again and again that I had with my mother and then now I have it with whoever I'm around my husband, in this instance, and I would like to
Samantha Scott: I would like to create that and make it what I actually want versus just the program pattern that is in
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so in basic terms, it's I want to resolve childhood wounding and I would like to have a positive, constructive healthy relationship with my mother.
Samantha Scott: I would like to, I would like to do that. I don't know if it's going to be possible with her, but I would like to at least have a healthy perspective from my end.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's just stick. We'll get into the other stuff later. How about we just stick with I want to heal from childhood, warning, warning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, nice. Gotcha.
That's a big
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing around there and I'll carry on for the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're done. Did it
Gwenevere Abriel: You're done. Did it
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have to go pretty quickly, but just want to ask you what those three objects were
Samantha Scott: Oh, a pant. Oh, wait. Was it rock pan glasses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: She, she identified was able to recall those three
Three objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, some of them will just give you a quick snapshot. And in fact, we're going to do, I'll do that in a second. Let's pick another time to meet actually first. Okay.
Samantha Scott: I mean my schedule is pre open right now so
Gwenevere Abriel: I do all my work in the first half of the day. I know most people are like, I want to see you at night. But no, I
Samantha Scott: Know, I hear you. That's that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So right now, and it doesn't mean this is the time slot will carve out one that ends up that you and I can really commit to an irregular basis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the short term, we might be floating around a little bit. I want to pick a time that's not subject to
Gwenevere Abriel: My bi weekly people trying to flip flopping I use old school agenda stuff so I'm
Samantha Scott: That's good. I mean, I would. It uses different parts of your brain. I know, writing with a pen uses different parts of your brain than typing. So
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just, if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on just a second. So I want you to just sort of give me a minute to think. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think that's it. I think I've got one time, I think I can commit to
Gwenevere Abriel: What about next week. So next week. So we might have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Temporary time for
Gwenevere Abriel: Them. Okay, how about the book book book book book book about how about
Gwenevere Abriel: On Tuesday, that's your new group is Tuesday, so I can't do that. Never mind shift gears.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about one time only.
Gwenevere Abriel: One time only next Wednesday. Okay, April 22 at 9am
Samantha Scott: Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. And then so your upcoming services are you have a group on April 21 it's my brand spanking new group with you in it. Right, and that's a new one. For me, it's going to be noon for you. The next day, we'll get to meet at 9am Mountain Standard Time. Of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to try to create a time for you, more consistently at
Gwenevere Abriel: 10am on Wednesdays.
Samantha Scott: That sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm gonna try for that. Okay.
Samantha Scott: If it doesn't work out, like I said my schedule super flexible right now so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got those two written in once they're in writing, which they are. I got a nobody is going to go in there. So we are set. So real quick, just a little intro in some of the kind of work that you and I might do together.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I of course bread and butter interlaced with everything, of course, is the CBD that cognitive behavioral therapy and DDT love it. I love it. I'm a
Gwenevere Abriel: Big fan of. So that's interleaved but that's sort of like like duh, for me, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: The work that it sounds like since you've had a positive experience with a therapist for some
Gwenevere Abriel: For years, you were able to connect it sounds like on some more, you know, intimate interpersonal level. My guess is that you would probably be a good candidate for somatic transformation inner child work having to do more with sort of
Samantha Scott: Transformations really interesting to me that's I mean I've, I've done a little bit of reading in the in the DB T areas and I mean
Samantha Scott: Or maybe I'm thinking of something else. Maybe it was like, I think I'm thinking of somatic experiencing.
Gwenevere Abriel: War with Peter will be. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: You are okay yeah so that's definitely something I
Samantha Scott: Get into me anyway so
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to know. Just real quick and then I gotta go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you have a positive experience meaning not that along the way. It wasn't in pleasant, but that the final outcome of the FDR was a positive one.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, and I mean in terms of the research I've looked at in recent research, it seems really like
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a positive outcome from it.
Samantha Scott: Yes, I'd say so.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times did you go
Samantha Scott: Um, I mean, probably not more than 12
Okay.
Samantha Scott: Unfortunately, I mean, I would have kept going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I do it here in in the tele health. It's, I, I can't do with a little buzzers. And I don't do the little sounds, but I do the eye movement part I do we might look up attachment focused Cmdr. I do an extra little piece to it, you could look that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's interesting. It will become relevant I think especially around the fact that somebody along the way identified you as having this borderline piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's going to be a relevant part our relationship, how you perceive judgment and abandoned and all those parts will probably come into play. So I'm just
Samantha Scott: Absolutely. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Although whatever preconceived notions. Most people have about me. They probably think I drive a convertible. They probably think that I was a cheerleader. When I was in high school, you can let that although
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not what I look like.
Samantha Scott: To me seems funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It says a lot of humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot, a lot, a lot of play. But it is pretty serious business. And I mean, I ain't clued a lot of humor into it so the more that you kind of have that ability all I'll leave that in wherever we can.
Samantha Scott: Definitely into absurd. LAUGHTER And like crying through tears and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other thing would be want to know what electronic device you're going to be using so that I know my limitations around me and Dr. Kind of are you using a phone.
Samantha Scott: We don't use your phone, but I also have a laptop and then I can use if that helps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out about. Yeah, it probably will, at about the maybe fourth or fifth session.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm probably going to say, could we shift gears we shift gears to get zoom on their let's let's kind of see and and kind of start to integrate, possibly in Cmdr. Possibly. I don't know yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'll be able to tell probably after those sessions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool.
Samantha Scott: I'm excited about this whole process. I'm really excited about working with you. I feel lucky because I know that there. I mean, I know that there's like a level of professionalism that you could serve anyone, but it is nice to feel a personal connection and I do feel that with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Samantha Scott: That's a human. I'm talking to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you reject that. So you'll definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Have on that. So a couple of quick things. I won't. You won't learn much about me on a personal level, it's all about you. So my mind boundaries is a really important feature of the work we're going to do together doesn't mean we can't laugh our asses off though.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there will I don't want there to be any moment where you actually think you have to take care of me. I don't want that in here. So you're in a really you're going to meet that you're going to bump into it, probably you if you end up
Gwenevere Abriel: Having big feelings like oh I'm angry that you can bring that in here. I'm not gonna, I'm not going to make it about me. I'm not going to been doing this a long time so you can bring bring it. Okay.
Samantha Scott: I'll be honest, I promise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Um, one thing I do, where I'm an independent contractor, which means that if you so the night before. I'm pretty good. I'll try and send a little reminder. I'll say, hey,
Samantha Scott: Here you did yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. Yeah, sometimes it'll feel redundant, but I like to send the consistency to all of my clients, even if we touch base in group you're going to be like, oh, Hawaii, she's sending I just told her I'd be there.
Samantha Scott: But I'm going, Oh no, I appreciate that. I definitely can use the reminder always
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you something sort of in the life and limb category of urgent comes about the night before just text me say I really can't keep the appointment. I'm here in the hospital.
Samantha Scott: Some people right
Gwenevere Abriel: He's still met with me while they're in the hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and but my point is I do earn my living here meeting with you. So if I know far enough in advance, the people that I have an on call list.
Samantha Scott: Schedule with them.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could love to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um, and it is a treatment program. So it's a little it's a slightly different feel than just
Gwenevere Abriel: The psychological part because it's a substance abuse treatment program, you're probably going to feel a little bit like what's up with all these rules. This is annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but they're there, they're there because they work they hold all sort of accountable in a way that just correct mental health, depression, anxiety that
Samantha Scott: That's not I know and I mean this is the first time, like I said,
Samantha Scott: Besides the Methadone thing. This is the first time I'm like actually coming at this from a honest, I've always tried to cover up with every time I've seen the doctor within the past 10 years it's been. Oh, I have to make sure and cover up this. You know what I mean.
Samantha Scott: So I
Samantha Scott: I am definitely respectful and I will make sure to respect all the roles and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, well, I just want you to know that they're, they're not to be mean.
Samantha Scott: They're not right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's in service to you. Sometimes they'll feel more welcome than others.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can come in here and you can say this one I really don't like or this one piss me off, you're welcome to say those things and we can process it one more thing and then I keep thinking that this will definitely be the last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go again. Dr. Aubrey hell is my mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Samantha Scott: She told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's good. But you're not going to really, most of the time, if ever, most people have been in here for years and they don't know because they forgot. I told them, or they weren't my
Gwenevere Abriel: Writing to begin with because I don't call her that I cry Dr Arielle and I will do that ever horn.
Samantha Scott: You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: A parent, you won't see a deliberate dialogue from parent to child, but what you will see is a really comfortable relationship, you're going to see a comfort level in here that is
Gwenevere Abriel: very playful, sometimes it doesn't drift off into anything uncomfortable. If it does, I want you to know you can bring it in here. Probably going to be able to bring it to her, she's not the therapist, but I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay so that all of it as sin tonic. That's a great word out there, it means whatever comes up for you. You can bring it in here and we can process and talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yes, but since you have a dynamic with your mother just pay close attention to things that come up when you're in group. If you see something that kind of activates for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of make a little note of it in your recovery journal and maybe you can bring it in and say, Boy, I had this real thing and it was right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did this thing to her right, something happens, it's a feature.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this program offers because we don't normally get to see that happen in real time.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't happen.
Samantha Scott: So let's use it.
Samantha Scott: Yeah. Might as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I look forward to seeing you at now is your medication bridge.
To today.
Samantha Scott: Yes, the wall. She prescribed another week's worth, so I think I'm okay. Until the till the next time. Well, our group session. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Okay. So I'm going to tell her any way that you're here somehow she worked that part out. But this is what I do. If I think I will.
Gwenevere Abriel: 99% of the time. Remember to ask you. This is your medication bridge to today. Some days it will be some days that won't. It sounds like you don't have a medication issue, but I do like to send a message of compliance, sort of, hey, she showed up. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sending that now. So she knows that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have your bio psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: Attended
Gwenevere Abriel: Did her bps and she reports. She does not need medication, she has enough to get to our groups. All right.
Samantha Scott: I believe, so our groups next week. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you really want to be sure, because this is your moment. This is when you're facilitating
Samantha Scott: Me check. I've got the hold on. I've got them right here.
Samantha Scott: I have
Samantha Scott: To give me 14 345-612-1314
Samantha Scott: So yeah, I'm taking too, so that's seven days. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not thinking. Um, yeah. My work is done. I feel good on the end of my day. I'm going to go have some dinner.
Right on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I wrote is Samantha Scott attended her bps. She of course she has enough to get her to her next service of group on for 21
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything comes up. Don't forget this.
Samantha Scott: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can literally walk in, sort of, metaphorically into virtual clinic. You can roll in there. If you have any questions, you can just go in there and ask them, or you can call bright heart health. Okay.
Samantha Scott: Okay. Sounds good. I'm really excited to work with you.
I know
Samantha Scott: Until next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until I see you again.
Samantha Scott: Bye for now. Okay, bye.